Remove preview annotations for Node.js (#31890)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/dynamic_instrumentation/_index.md

- Dynamic Instrumentation is not yet compatible with Azure App Services or serverless environments.

> - Full support is available only for applications built with Python, Java, .NET.

Author: ```suggestion
- Full support is available for applications built with Python, Java, .NET, and Node.js.
```
